Benign prostatic hyperplasia is a
problem that affects most of the
men after 50 years alter
significantly the quality of life and
produces changes in the way you urinate
It also causes the sufferer to have
to get up many times in the night
to urinate also have the need to
always have a bathroom nearby can also
be susceptible to kidney infections
and even finish in medical dialysis
tve had the opportunity to capture the
moment when the angel doctor alvarado
Urologist doctor performed a surgery with
laser technology to treat the
benign prostatic hyperplasia
with laser surgery what is done is
introduce through an element that
it's called the cytoscopy a fiber of
laser whose tip is generated
enough heat energy
intense to produce the
tissue evaporation this at the same time
ensures that there is coagulation of
blood vessels that may be in that
area therefore the risk is minimized
of bleeding and on the other hand it is minimized
the risk of fluid absorption was
another of the complications that could
arise with traditional surgery the
surgery guarantees a better quality of
micturition the patient decreases the number
of medicines you have to take and
no testimony makes it two
months
I'm pissing really hard and I did not have
no problem of positive provocation
everything I recommend to anyone who
can be done that does not distrust and that
do the surgery because this one of the
ways also to prevent any
another situation with such a body
delicate and that produces so many
deaths in our country in the world
how is prostate cancer
surgery with laser or green technology
light is ambulatory and they have already
made in Panama more than 200 cases
the patient after the
surgery with laser technology comes back in
a week to his daily tasks and
you should only observe a diet without meals
and irritants like spicy drinks
alcoholics and you should not smoke this surgery
It is ideal for tall people
risk as diabetics and hypertensive
among others it is good to know that in Panama
we have laser technology that in
hands of expert doctors like the
urologist angel alvarado can bring
great benefits for those who suffer from
prostate problems
[Music]